it's been said that everything
has a price from pizza two golf
balls to private school tuition
but what about your personal
conduct in your beliefs
would you be willing to change
your behavior or deny your
principles for cash for example
would you eat this cockroach for
ten dollars
how about fifty dollars maybe a
hundred let's raise the stakes
would you work an extra eight
hours a week and sacrifice
personal time for an annual
raise of 5075 hundred ten
thousand dollars
finally would you get a
permanent highly visible tattoo
in opposition to your personal
religious beliefs for $25,000
this 50,000 tempt you
did you even resist $100,000
brain imaging has shown that
beliefs which people refused to
betray our processed differently
than contrary ideas that they're
willing to proclaim for cash
if you choose to refuse the
hundred grand chances are that
your amygdala also processed a
strong emotional response to the
idea of betraying your personal
beliefs
even when big money is on the
line something simply arc for
sale